#WEEK 2
 Firstly, I preprocessed the dataset and then analyzed it. Then I read about ARIMA, SARIMA and SARIMAX and method to find p,q,d. Then I implemented it using autocorelation and partial autocorelation. Then I plotted the graph. I used Optuna to check the best p,q,d and again predicted the result. Then I studied prophet and Lstm and used prophet. I first used TimseSeries spilling for cross validation then I used monthly seasonality in prophet model. The predictions were accurate and precise.  Then as intructed in the meet, I did the assignment wherein I predicted using the categories and weekly seasonality. I then used Voting Regressor to combine 4 models- LinearRegression, DecisionTreeRegression, Prophet and LSTM. I first found best suited epoch and batch size and then also used Early stopping to find it. But the results were not very accurate.#WEEK 1 Firstly, I preprocessed the dataset and then analyzed it. Then I read about arima ,sarima, sarimax and method to find p,q,d. Then I implemented it using autocorelation and partial autocorelation. Then I plotted the graph. I used Optuna to check the best p,q,d and again predicted the result. Then I studied prophet and Lstm and used prophet. I first used TimseSeries spilling for cross validation then I used monthly seasonality in prophet model. The predictions were accurate and precise.  Then as intructed in the meet, I did the assignment wherein I predicted using the categories and weekly seasonality. I then used Voting Regressor to combine 4 models- LinearRegression
 